you guys are pros the best I'm sure you
can make it out of the casino of course
lest we forget once you're out the front
door you're still in the middle of the
desert you're right he's right
Ruben you're right our eyes were bigger
than our stomachs that's exactly what it
is pure ego yeah yeah blah blah blah
thank you for lunch nice what was
delicious sorry we bought it
look we all go way back and I owe you
from the thing with a guy in the place
and I'll never forget it
that was our pleasure I've never been to
Belize give Dominic your addresses I got
some remained at furniture I want to
send you look just out of curiosity
which casinos did you geniuses pick to
rob look the Bellagio the Mirage in the
MGM Grand
those are Terry Benedict's casinos is
that right that's right you guys
what do you got against Terry Benedict
what do you have against and that's a
question he torpedoed in my casino
muscled me out now he's gonna blow it up
next month to make way for some gaudy
monstrosity don't think I don't see what
you're doing
what are we doing Reuben you're gonna
steal from Terry Benedict you better
goddamn know just sort of 10 used to be
civilized you'd hit a guy he'd whack
you're done but with Benedict to the end
of this you better not know you're
involved not know your names or tink
you're dead because he'll kill you and
then I'll go to work on you that's why
we need to be very careful very precise
hmm well-funded
yeah you gotta be nuts to and you're
gonna need a crew as nuts as you are
[Music]
what do you got